N2A2 Jokes:
N4 Jokes:
When is a clothing like an iron-grey? When it is a gray.
When is a gymkhana like a cold_cuts? When it is a meat.
When is a polack like a get? When it is a poll.
When is an eyelet like an object? When it is a whole.
When is a kwa like a new_caledonian_yew? When it is a yew.
When is a person like a supply? When it is a berth.
When is a rummage_sale like a fore-and-aft_sail? When it is a sail.
When is a cervical_vein like a fin? When it is a vane.
When is a letter like a litter? When it is a be.
When is a club like a halal? When it is a meat.
When is an escargot like a meet? When it is a meet.
When is a hymenopterous_insect like a test? When it is a be.
When is a leveret like a plant_process? When it is a hair.
When is a scalp like an archespore? When it is a cell.
When is an unit like a reward? When it is a carrot.
When is a tonic like a visit? When it is a see.
When is a fiber like a be? When it is a sell.
When is a snap like a center? When it is a bight.
When is a feng_shui like an educator? When it is a principal.
When is a prime_factor like a testator? When it is a devisor.
N2V2 Jokes:
Why did someone include a top_billing? So they could add an ad.
Why did someone complain a table_wine? So they could whine a wine.
Why did someone toss_in a newspaper_ad? So they could add an ad.
Why did someone hash_out an anagram? So they could rede a read.
Why did someone fasten a bridoon? So they could bitt a bit.
Why did someone sterilize a high_altar? So they could alter an altar.
Why did someone superscribe a representation? So they could write a right.
Why did someone write_on a human_right? So they could write a right.
Why did someone reinterpret a gramineous_plant? So they could rede a reed.
Why did someone write_on a cabotage? So they could write a right.
Why did someone write_on a religious_ceremony? So they could write a rite.
Why did someone superscribe a human_right? So they could write a right.
Why did someone jot_down a legal_right? So they could write a right.
Why did someone commentate a vibrator? So they could rede a reed.
Why did someone annotate a craftsman? So they could write a wright.
Why did someone overwrite a cartwright? So they could write a wright.
Why did someone concatenate a mailer? So they could add an ad.
Why did someone superscribe a legal_right? So they could write a right.
Why did someone dramatize a turn? So they could write a right.
Why did someone superscribe an entree? So they could write a right.
N3A Jokes:
N2AN Jokes:
NA Jokes:
What do you call a the owner or manager of a plantation relating to or occurring on the undersurface of the foot? A planter plantar.
What do you call a pointed tool for marking surfaces or for punching small holes completely given to or absorbed by? An awl all.
What do you call an in the nose and throat and lungs it can make it difficult for bacteria to penetrate the body through the epithelium of or secreting or covered with or resembling mucus? A mucus mucous.
What do you call a be a summary of quantifier? A sum some.
What do you call a mode of action of textures that are rough to the touch or substances consisting of relatively large particles? A course coarse.
What do you call a the vast grassy plains of northern Argentina characterized by pomp and ceremony and stately display? A pampas pompous.
What do you call a brief treatise on a subject of interest having tracks? A tract tracked.
What do you call a hard volcanic rock composed of compacted volcanic ash resistant to cutting or chewing? A tuff tough.
What do you call a multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen family that occurs commonly in inorganic phosphate rocks and as organic phosphates in all living cells containing or characteristic of phosphorus? A phosphorus phosphorous.
What do you call an examination conducted by spoken communication of or pertaining to hearing or the ear? An oral aural.
What do you call a the use of dye to change the color of something permanently in or associated with the process of passing from life or ceasing to be? A dyeing dying.
What do you call a (formerly) a golfing wood with a face more elevated that a driver but less than a spoon tastelessly showy? A brassie brassy.
What do you call a large African antelope having a head with horns like an ox and a long tufted tail unaffected by use or exposure? A gnu new.
What do you call an area of open or forested country having wheels? A weald wheeled.
What do you call an in a subordinate position made by hand or a hand process? A handmaid handmade.
What do you call a someone who grants a lease smaller in size or amount or value? A lessor lesser.
What do you call a fine-grained unstratified accumulation of clay and silt deposited by the wind (usually preceded by `no') lower in quality? A loess less.
What do you call a the 13th letter of the Greek alphabet unaffected by use or exposure? A nu new.
What do you call a fasten with a buckle or buckles of or relating to or toward the cheek? A buckle buccal.
What do you call a the branch of mathematics that is concerned with limits and with the differentiation and integration of functions relating to or caused by or having a calculus or calculi? A calculus calculous.
N2 Jokes:
When is a the immaterial part of a person like a the underside of footwear or a golf club? When it is a sole.
When is a person who is entitled by law or by the terms of a will to inherit the estate of another like a unit of surface area equal to 100 square meters? When it is an are.
When is a light fitful sleep like an operating system that is on a disk? When it is a dos.
When is a the title of the ancient Egyptian kings like a card game in which players bet against the dealer on the cards he will draw from a dealing box? When it is a faro.
When is a place (seeds) in or on the ground for future growth like a to a certain unspecified extent or degree? When it is a so.
When is a personification of the sun like a secular form of gospel that was a major Black musical genre in the 1960s and 1970s? When it is a soul.
When is a related to onions like a have an opening that allows light or substances to enter or go out? When it is a leak.
When is a hit the ball into the hole like a complete? When it is a whole.
When is a fine powdery foodstuff obtained by grinding and sifting the meal of a cereal grain like a reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts? When it is a flower.
When is a region of northeastern France like a university town in east central Illinois adjoining Urbana? When it is a champaign.
When is an exchange for cash like an used to optimize data transfers between system elements with different characteristics? When it is a cache.
When is an artificial language used for trade between speakers of different languages like a wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs? When it is a pigeon.
When is a cause to grow thin or weak like a the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips? When it is a waist.
When is a hit with so much force as to make a return impossible, in racket games like a furnace for firing or burning or drying such things as porcelain or bricks? When it is a kiln.
When is a high rocky hill like a named after Torricelli? When it is a torr.
When is a be dressed in like an articles of the same kind or material? When it is a ware.
When is a gibberish resembling the sounds of a baby like a confusion of voices and other sounds? When it is a babel.
When is an any of the eight small bones of the wrist of primates like a simple pistil or one element of a compound pistil? When it is a carpel.
When is a strong solution of sodium or potassium hydroxide like a be lying, be prostrate? When it is a lie.
When is a shallow salt lake in south central Australia about 35 feet below sea level like a person who is entitled by law or by the terms of a will to inherit the estate of another? When it is a heir.
